# Client-Server-Architecture-with-Encryption-
The client-server programs created in this project adhere to a client server architecture where the client sends encrypted messages to the server, in this case about calculating the LCM of 2 prime numbers between. The encryption used for the client server is a mixture of the public asymmetric RSA and the private symmetric simplified AES. 

## How does it Works?
The server begins the implementation by entering the name of the .py file and the port number. Upon successful launch the server asks the user to enter two prime numbers, one from between 211-281 and another from 229 to 307. These are seen as p and q respectively and are used to calculate the value of n. Afterwhich, the program is able to accept a hello message from a client. The client is configured to run when the user enters the name of the .py file for the client and the localHost and server’s port number. The client sends the hello message and a list of public and private encryptions it accepts. The server chooses the RSA for public and AES (simplified) for the private. The client is also sent a nonce. This nonce will be encrypted by the AES in the client and the client will encrypt the key of the AES in the server’s public key. The server receives and verifies that the decrypted nonce is indeed what it sent, the server will ask the client to send the prime numbers—if not the server sends a 400 error and closes the connection. The client thenasks the user to enter 2 prime numbers and check to ensure that they are indeed prime. It is important to note that prime numbers are capped at 255 a limit to prevent overflowing when encrypted. The client once it has the two prime numbers send them to the server who computes their LCM and sends them back to the client who has its own local LCM computed. If the servers and clients LCM matches the client sends a 200 OK and closes the connection, else the client sends a 400 Error and closes the connection.
